README.md, before:

# Simple-Bank-Management-System

## 1. Description
This is a simple banking system that runs on C coding language. It can perform simple tasks such as check balance, deposit money, withdraw money, and exit system. **The user's balance is automatically set to 1000 USD as a welcome bonus.**

## 1.1. What I Learned
From this project, I learned all the basics of coding in C programming language. The things I learned are:

- **Data types:** I learned the different data types such as int, float, and char and the different characters that they can hold.

- **Scanf():** I learned how to read user input and have the code do functions based on the user input.

- **While loop:** I learned how to loop the code each time after the user did a selection. This was done with the (while) function.

- **Design:** I learned how to make a user-friendly design in the terminal by using methods such as the new line function and === to make a welcome menu

- **If function (conditional statements):** I learned how to use the if function with scanf() by using it to determine what to do based on user input. 

- **Buffer Clean:** I learned how to clean the buffer after each scanf() input to avoid the code from printing garbage data stored in the buffer. 

- **Printf():** I learned how to use printf() to make print out different lines of text in the terminal to make the user experience more enjoyable.

Commit message:

features of simple bank system
completed features part of README about simple bank system

README.md, after:

# Simple-Bank-Management-System

# 1. Description
This is a simple banking system that runs on C coding language. It can perform simple tasks such as check balance, deposit money, withdraw money, and exit system. **The user's balance is automatically set to 1000 USD as a welcome bonus.**

## 1.1. What I Learned
From this project, I learned all the basics of coding in C programming language. The things I learned are:

- **Data types:** I learned the different data types such as int, float, and char and the different characters that they can hold.

- **Scanf():** I learned how to read user input and have the code do functions based on the user input.

- **While loop:** I learned how to loop the code each time after the user did a selection. This was done with the (while) function.

- **Design:** I learned how to make a user-friendly design in the terminal by using methods such as the new line function and === to make a welcome menu

- **If function (conditional statements):** I learned how to use the if function with scanf() by using it to determine what to do based on user input. 

- **Buffer Clean:** I learned how to clean the buffer after each scanf() input to avoid the code from printing garbage data stored in the buffer. 

- **Printf():** I learned how to use printf() to make print out different lines of text in the terminal to make the user experience more enjoyable.

# Features
- The user's balance is set to 1000 USD as a welcome bonus

- A user-friendly emnu with 4 different selections:
  - 1. Check current balance
  - 2. Deposit money
  - 3. Withdraw money
  - 4. Exit bank

- Detect user input errors such as:
  - Negative numbers for depositing and withdrawing money
  - User's current balance is not enough to withdraw requested amount

- Simple implementation
- Ensures that user will deposit and withdraw valid amounts of money
